Add STM32 to Lab04 (#676)
UPB-PMRust/website: website/lab/04/index.md

When thinking of how exactly this works, you would probably think that the task is running on a separate *thread* than the `main` function. Usually this would be the case when developing a normal computer application. Multithreading is possible, but requires a preemptive operating system. Without one, only one thread can independently run per processor core and that means that, since we are using only one core of the STM32U545RE (which has only 1) or the RP2350\RP2040 (which actually has only 2), we would only be able to run **one thread at a time**. So how exactly does the task wait for the button press in parallel with the LED blinking? 
Short answer is: it doesn't. In reality, both functions run asynchronously. 

A task in Embassy is represented by an *asynchronous function*. Asynchronous functions are different from normal functions, in the sense that they allow asynchronous code execution. Let's take an example from the previous lab:

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="stm32u5" label="STM32 Nucleo-U545RE-Q" default>
```rust
#[embassy_executor::task]
async fn button_pressed(mut led: Output<'static>, mut button: Input<'static>) {
    loop {
	info!("waiting for button press");

>         button.wait_for_falling_edge().await;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	    info!("waiting for button press");
        button.wait_for_falling_edge().await;
```

![Buzzer](images/buzzer.png)

:::tip
To control the buzzer, you just need to set the PWM so that its period matches the sound frequency you want.  
- On RP2s, this is done by adjusting the `top` value.  

> - On STM32U545RE, you achieve the same thing by adjusting the timer’s period setting.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On STM32U545RE, you achieve the same thing by adjusting the timer’s `SimplePwm` frequency using the [`set_frequency`](https://docs.embassy.dev/embassy-stm32/git/stm32u545re/timer/simple_pwm/struct.SimplePwm.html#method.set_frequency) function.  
```
